Privacy Policy
HYDR8AZ MOBILE Nurses deliver IV Infusions when &amp; where you need them
(928) 733-7776
HYDR8AZ
IVs &amp; Shots
IV Therapy Options
Vitamin Infusion Shots &amp; Add-Ins
Help Me Choose
Aesthetics
Alma Accent Prime Body Contouring &amp; Skin Tightening
Alma LMNT+
Alma Opus Plasma Skin Rejuvenation
CBD+ Professional Skincare Line
Opus Colibri Eye Lift &amp; Lesion Removal
ResuRface RF Skin Resurfacing
Sauna Detox &amp; Slimming Wrap
Targeted LED Light Therapy
Vacuum Therapy Booty &amp; Breast Enhancement
Vibration Plate for Circulation &amp; Muscle Stimulation
Wood Therapy Body Shaping
Yeso-Therapy Body Wraps
Wellness
LMNT Electrolyte Packets
PatchAid Vitamin Patches
About Us  Contact
Contact Us
(928) 733-7776
HYDR8AZ IVs &amp; MedSpa
Privacy Policy
One of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by this site and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
This site follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services&#x27; analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users&#x27; movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of this site.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on this site, which are sent directly to users&#x27; browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that this site has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
This site&#x27;s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers&#x27; respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children&#x27;s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
This site does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in this site. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its  Terms and Conditions .
Ready to Feel Your Best?
Get personalized care from licensed professionals in a setting that works for you — whether it’s your living room, hotel, or inside the Medspa.
Mobile IVs Delivered to You
Home, office, boat, or hotel
Expert Care — Skilled nurses and advanced medical-grade equipment
Customized Treatments — Tailored to your needs, from hydration to aesthetics
Call TO Book An Appointment
1440 McCulloch Blvd N.
English Village Suite 205
Lake Havasu City, AZ, 86403
(928) 733-7776
HYDR8AZ@gmail.com
Contact Us
Your questions deserve personalized answers. Message us today to connect with our knowledgeable team and get expert advice tailored to your specific needs. We&#x27;re just a message away!
First Name  *
Last Name  *
Phone  *
Email  *
Best time to contact you  *    Select one...  Morning  Afternoon
Message  *
By entering your phone number, you are agreeing to receive text messages from HYDR8AZ IVs &amp; MedSpa. Message &amp; data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Reply HELP for more information. You can reply STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to opt-out. See our Privacy Policy for additional details.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
HYDR8AZ
Contact Us
(928) 733-7776
HYDR8AZ@gmail.com
Connect
Quick Links
About Us
Contact
© HYDR8AZ IVs &amp; MedSpa. All Rights Reserved.
Terms &amp; Conditions  Privacy Policy
Powered by
Accessibility:  If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at  (928) 733-7776